Code Book For Tidy Data Set

Contains 81 elements
representing average of each mean and standard deviation reading for each activity (6 activities) for each subject (30 subject)

This set was obtained by merging source sets together
Then selecting only needed data for means or standard deviation
Then cleaning of the variable names
Finally Averaging the observation by subject and Activity

SubjectID  Integer 		Identifies Subject of the test from 1 To 30 since we have 30 subjects
Activity   Character string 	Identifies Activity of the tested subject
				List of values contains
				LAYING
				SITTING
				STANDING
				WALKING
				WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
				WALKING_UPSTAIRS
tBodyAccmeanX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccmeanY 		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccmeanZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccstdX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccstdY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccstdZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tGravityAccmeanX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tGravityAccmeanY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tGravityAccmeanZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tGravityAccstdX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tGravityAccstdY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tGravityAccstdZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkmeanX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkmeanY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkmeanZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkstdX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkstdY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkstdZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyromeanX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyromeanY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyromeanZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyrostdX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyrostdY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyrostdZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkmeanX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkmeanY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkmeanZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkstdX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkstdY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkstdZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccMagmean		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccMagstd		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tGravityAccMagmean	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tGravityAccMagstd	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMagmean	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMagstd	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroMagmean	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroMagstd		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMagmean	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMagstd	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccmeanX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccmeanY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccmeanZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccstdX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccstdY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccstdZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccmeanFreqX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccmeanFreqY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccmeanFreqZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkmeanX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkmeanY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkmeanZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkstdX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkstdY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkstdZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkmeanFreqX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkmeanFreqY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkmeanFreqZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyGyromeanX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyGyromeanY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyGyromeanZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyGyrostdX		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyGyrostdY		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyGyrostdZ		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyGyromeanFreqX	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyGyromeanFreqY	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyGyromeanFreqZ	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccMagmean		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyAccMagstd		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyAccMagmeanFreq	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagmean	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagstd	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagmeanFreq	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroMagmean		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroMagstd		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroMagmeanFreq	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagmean	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagstd		Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all standard deviations for the subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagmeanFreq	Integer from -1.00 to 1.00 representing the average of all means for the subject and activity
